Update api-docs for the new password field (#2260)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/api-docs/secret/ldap.mdx

  search performed during password rotation. You must set `dn` for self-managed
  configurations. Cannot be modified after creation. **Example:** `cn=bob,ou=Users,dc=hashicorp,dc=com`
- `skip_import_rotation` `(boolean: false)` - When set on a role creation request, Vault will not rotate the
  pre-existing password of the associated LDAP entry. Reading the credentials for this role will return the 
  value set on the `password` field until the password is rotated (either automatically or manually by `rotate-role`).

>   This field overrides `skip_static_role_import_rotation` from the ldap config if both are set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  pre-existing password of the associated LDAP entry. Reading credentials for the associated role returns the 
  value set on the `password` field until password rotates (either automatically or manually by `rotate-role`).
  The `skip_import_rotation` field overrides `skip_static_role_import_rotation` from the ldap config if both
  are set.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun
